---
layout: post
title:  "Meeting 0022 Results"
date:   2021-09-18 17:00:00 -0400
author: Karl Miller
tags: meeting-results
---

{% include programming_club_logo.html %}

### Attending

- Karl Miller, President
- Davis Moore, Vice President
- Jared O'Connell, Prospective Member

### Resolved

- No resolutions

### Discussions 

- Discussed results of the club fair 
- Due to not having quorum, or relevant board members there for certain discussions, we tabled budget and pull requirement talks until next meeting.
- Discussed Jared's internship and corporate culture at Red Hat.
- Discussed some altnerate solutions if UNH hosting doesn't work out (RamNode)
- Jared is working on a messaging app, Karl is working on website features, Davis is working on school stuff 
  
### Agenda Next Meeting

- Budget allocations
	- server: IT department is still processing the ticket request for hosting. Was updated that they are talking with higher-up members of IT department about it 
- Pull request requirement 
- Club fair results 
- New project(s)
    - Website contributions an option - can easily add javascript features in multiple ways, or just a simple post. What post topics?
- The Flush
- Changing meeting days? At least one board member can't make it due to work schedule conflicts. And there's at least one member who can't make it for the same reason. Might be time to change the day we meet. 