---
layout: post
title:  "Meeting 0009 Results"
date:   2021-05-08 17:00:00 -0400
author: Kaitlin McManus and Karl Miller
tags: meeting-results
---
{% include programming_club_logo.html %}


### Meeting0009
### 5/8/21

### Attending
- Karl Miller, President
- Bryan Robbins, Discord Administrator
- Kaitlin McManus, Secretary 
- Davis Moore, Vice President
- Derek Santiago, Treasurer 
- Cai Campos, Trustee
- Professor Shallow 

### Discussions 
- We are now recognized as a club and have a budget of $250 a semester 
- A school wide event is a requirement for clubs
    - some ideas discussed:
    - hackathon
    - brainstorm session
    - helping people launch personal blogs 
- Professor Shallow discussed idea of leading a summer web development project using a few different technologies. Shared his personal experience in software development and shared ideas for his projects. 
    - the project will be voted on as a board for approval 
    - making a text channel for the summer project if it gets approved 
- Discussed the programming club logo, possibly creating a better logo for the website if anyone is interested. 
- Discussed status of current projects 
     - Discord
     - Chkpi
     - Vignere Cipher
     - Physics Sim
     - Website
     - Conway's    
- Discussed possible new projects
    - https://github.com/unhm-programming-team/project-ideas 
  

### Agenda Meeting0010 

- Intros if new attendees
- Result of [Constitution]({{page.baseurl}}/constitution/) ratification
- Discuss / Vote on authorizing summer faculty-led web project.
- Discuss ideas for that project and other things that might facilitate it - e.g. Discord channel, announcing to members.
- Consider doing next meeting in 2 weeks if not much on the agenda.
- Discuss ongoing projects
- Discuss [documentation](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/) 
- Any other ideas attendees have including
  - ideas for the event next semester
  - UNHM-located server project
  - other new project ideas
  - requests to be involved in a project
  - projects to spice up the website, a [javascript animation](https://codepen.io/isladjan/pen/abdyPBw)?
- general discussion of how classes are going for attendees, and programming-related talk, including about any programming attendees may have been doing lately