---
layout: post
title:  "Meeting 0017 Results"
date:   2021-07-24 17:00:00 -0400
author: Karl Miller
tags: meeting-results
---

{% include programming_club_logo.html %}

### Attending

- Karl Miller, President
- Anthony Clark, Quartermaster,
- Derek Santiago, Treasurer

### Resolved

- No resolutions

### Discussions 

- Met up at the plaza for the Meet and Greet with no issues, went to Boards and Brews, where we drank caffinated beverages and played Settlers of Catan.

- Talked about directions in the web app, current projects, school, and internships.

- Talked about fundraising, whether we could accept donations.

- Karl is considering transferring and moving, as he had mentioned to the club, and if that does happen, we will need to consider who is willing to take over as President.

- Talked about Linux apps, features, windows issues.
  
### Agenda Next Meeting

Davis Moore will host the next meeting as Karl will be traveling.

- Web App
	- Engagement
	- Technologies
	- Directions
- Discord Bot status
- Fundraising stuff 
- Possible Leadership change/interim elections
