---
layout: post
title:  "Meeting 0026 Results"
date:   2021-10-23 17:00:00 -0400
author: Karl Miller
tags: meeting-results
---

{% include programming_club_logo.html %}

### Attending

- Karl Miller, President
- Davis Moore, Vice President
- Jared O'Connell, Prospective Member

### Resolved

- 4-0 (Asynchronous Vote) Meetings will be held on Fridays at 3:00 pm.

### Discussions 

- Discussed IT department meeting.
	- There's an ongoing ticket request
	- There will be a follow up meeting 
	- They decided a virtual machine would be the best route to satisfy authorization concerns and provide enough of an audit trail for code releases
- Discussed School platform for clubs and registered for it
- Davis suggested a better "unsubscribe" type functionality for club emails for recievers, perhaps an automated email system.
- Discussed progress of Club Crawler
- Discussed ongoing projects
	- Jared has a sophisticated LED light system controlled by an app he's created
	
### Agenda next meeting

- First impressions of Friday meeting time
- Progress of IT discussions and next steps
- Reaching out to faculty advisor to help with transition
- New projects
- Ongoing projects
- Budget allocations 
- The Flush - were we ever printed?
- Code Challenge repo