---
layout: post
title:  "Meeting 0003 Results"
date:   2021-03-27 16:25:30 -0400
author: Karl Miller
tags: meeting-results
---
{% include programming_club_logo.html %}

### Attending

- Karl Miller, President
- Davis Moore, Vice President,
- Kaitlin McManus, Secretary,
- Adam Morvant, Discord Administrator,
- Bryan Robbins, Discord Administrator,
- Derek Santiago, Trustee
- Pitie Grace, Trustee
- Professor Mihaela Sabin, Faculty

### Resolved

- (7-0) Elected Bryan Robbins as Discord Administrator
- (7-0) Resolved to approve membership requirements and privileges and implement them as we write our constitution:
  - Members may start any project and be leader of their project
  - Members may join and be included in any existing project
  - Board won't cancel project unless for very good, specific reason
- (7-0) Resolved to approve conduct requirements and implement them as we write our constitution:
  - No sexualized speech on club communication channels and no sexual harrassment to be tolerated
  - No discrimination
  - No taking official political stances
  - No bullying
- (7-0) Voted to approve allowing members from other clubs to join as "adjunct" members and have access to our organization space and effectively have the same privileges as members regarding creating projects and recruiting for projects.
- (7-0) Voted to approve wide membership scope; members may be from either campus. Officers must be UNHM students but being a regular member is allowed for up to 2 years after graduating or transferring.
- (7-0) Voted to elect Davis Moore as Vice President

### Other Discussions

- Had a great interview with professor Sabin who talked about some of the pitfalls other clubs have faced and expressed support for our mission statement and directions we've taken so far. She presented the role of faculty advisor as a useful resource for getting speakers, recruiting new members, and getting advice, but with a generally hands-off role until her help is needed. She described her strong qualifications in AI, software engineering, and as an educator. She had a lot of insight into useful technologies and industry trends. 
- We discussed ideas gleaned from meeting with the WWCS President, including some of the challenges they've encountered and activities they do. We decided to reach out to WWCS and other clubs and invite them to join our Discord and unhm-programming-team organization with all the rights/privileges of members to start and join projects.
- We discussed an upcoming OSU gaming event on April 16th that we were contacted about, and will be reaching out to find more information because there was some interest.

### Video of Meeting

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/s4O42PHnfkQ" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### On the Agenda Next Meeting

- Introductions / New Members
- Status of constitution
- Discuss whether to vote for faculty advisor
- Discuss status of pull requests
- Discuss status of Discord
  - getting all new joinees to start on the welcome channel
  - having new joinees acknowledge rules and send member info to bot or otherwise so we can invite them to Github team
  - other channel ideas - off-topic, memes
- Discuss having non-members in Discord
- Discuss ongoing projects
- Discuss doing meeting on Discord, moving to once every 2 weeks
- Discuss how best to get people engaged with a Pull request
- Discuss how to manage member information
