---
layout: post
title:  "Meeting 0010 Results"
date:   2021-05-15 17:00:00 -0400
author: Karl Miller
tags: meeting-results
---

{% include programming_club_logo.html %}

### Attending

- Anthony Clark, Quartermaster
- Amir Rakhov, Prospective Member
- Davis Moore, Vice President
- Derek Nicholas, Prospective Member
- Karl Miller, President

### Resolved

- No quorum

### Discussions 

- Discussed the faculty led project, which can't be authorized until we have a meeting with quorum. Interest exists for the project.
  - project will use JIRA for management
  - web app, with front end, back end, user base, and way for users to interact
- Discussed ideas for the project
  - A reddit clone (Karl)
  - Posting computer science resources (Anthony)
- Discussed idea for a physical server located on campus, an idea first proposed by Tony
- Discussed club fundraising
  - Discussed creating a website to generate some Ad Revenue (Davis)
- Discussed how classes are going for attendees, finals are approaching
- Mention of an inappropriate profile pic on the discord - will contact member about it




### Agenda Meeting0011

- Intros if new attendees
- Vote on authorizing summer faculty-led web project
  - Ideas for that project
  - Creating a discord channel for that project
  - Next steps
- Discuss creating a discord channel for faculty + board communications
- Next meeting time
- Karl's June road trip - meetings will have to be postponed or chaired by another board member
- Ongoing projects
  - Discord pot
  - Game of Life
  - Minecraft idea Bryan mentioned?
  - Documentation
- Ideas for spicing up website
  - Matter.js project - a cool game. Maybe toss the python physics simulator and making something using the already mature Matter.js library
- Server project
- How classes / finals have gone for attendees
- Interesting articles / programming topics anyone has encountered recently
- Summer plans



